docs(wopan): add another method to get the token (#95)
OpenListTeam/OpenList-Docs: pages/guide/drivers/wopan.md

star: true
---

[https://pan.wo.cn/](https://pan.wo.cn/)

## GetToken { lang="en" }

## 获取令牌 { lang="zh-CN" }

::: en
::: tip
The difference between the two token acquisition methods:

> - Method 1: **Token valid for seven days**, if you log in to the web side of the Unicom Cloud Drive will be OpenList mounted kicked offline resulting in failure, log in to the mobile phone side of the problem, will not be kicked offline, you can co-exist at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Method 1: **Token valid for seven days** Logging in to the web version of China Unicom Cloud Drive will disconnect and invalidate the mount point on OpenList's side. However, logging in to the mobile version is fine, and thereby you can have both open simultaneously.
```

> - Method 2: **Token valid for two months** There isn't any problem to log into the Unicom Cloud Drive. However, it will be kicked off if you log in on the mobile side.
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Method 2: **Token valid for two months** There isn't any problem to log into the Unicom Cloud Drive. However, it will be kicked off if you log in on the mobile side.

:::
```

> - Method 2: **Token valid for two months**, logging into the web side of the Unicom Cloud Drive is no problem, if you log into the mobile side will be OpenList mounted kicked offline resulting in failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Method 2: **Token valid for two months** There isn't any problem to log into the Unicom Cloud Drive. However, it will be kicked off if you log in on the mobile side.
```

>   :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

:::
```

::: zh-CN
::: tip
两个令牌获取方法的区别：

- 方法1：**令牌有效期为七天**，如果登录网页端的联通云盘会将OpenList挂载的踢下线导致失效，登录手机端没问题，不会被踢下线，可以同时并存。

> - 方法2：**令牌有效期为两个月**，登录网页端的联通云盘没问题，如果登录手机端则会将OpenList挂载的踢下线导致失效。
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 方法2：**令牌有效期为两个月**，登录网页端的联通云盘没问题，如果登录手机端则会将OpenList挂载的踢下线导致失效。

:::
```
